README.md, before:

# AML (Acute Myeloid Leukemia) Detection System
![Peter Moss AML (Acute Myeloid Leukemia) Detection System](Media/Images/Banner-Social.jpg)
An open source Acute Myeloid Leukemia Detection System including data management, training and running facial and image classifiers on the edge with Intel technologies.

| Project  | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- | 
| [Android](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Android "Android") | An Android application for managing and classifying data. Uses facial recognition for authentication. |  
| [Chatbot](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Chatbot "Chatbot") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for Natural Language Understanding. Trained on knowledge of AML. | 
| [Classifier](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Server "Classifier") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for classifying images using Convolutional Neural Networks. |  
| [Security](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Security "Security") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for authentication using Siamese Neural Networks | 
| [Server](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Server "Server") | A local server hosting a web based UI for managing and classifying data. Uses facial recognition for authentication. |

# Contributing
We welcome contributions of the project. Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "CONTRIBUTING.md") for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

# Versioning
We use SemVer for versioning. For the versions available, see [Releases](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/releases "Releases").

# License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/blob/master/LICENSE "LICENSE") file for details.

# Bugs/Issues
We use the [repo issues](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/issues "repo issues") to track bugs and general requests related to using this project.  

# Repository Manager
Adam is a [BigFinite](https://www.bigfinite.com "BigFinite") IoT Network Engineer, part of the team that works on the core IoT software. In his spare time he is an [Intel Software Innovator](https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-software-innovators/overview "Intel Software Innovator") in the fields of Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Virtual Reality.

[![Adam Milton-Barker: BigFinte IoT Network Engineer & Intel® Software Innovator](Media/Images/Adam-Milton-Barker.jpg)](https://github.com/AdamMiltonBarker)

Commit message:

Added status to README project list

README.md, after:

# AML (Acute Myeloid Leukemia) Detection System
![Peter Moss AML (Acute Myeloid Leukemia) Detection System](Media/Images/Banner-Social.jpg)
An open source Acute Myeloid Leukemia Detection System including data management, training and running facial and image classifiers on the edge with Intel technologies.

| Project  | Description | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |  ------------- | 
| [Android](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Android "Android") | An Android application for managing and classifying data. Uses facial recognition for authentication. | In Progress |
| [Chatbot](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Chatbot "Chatbot") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for Natural Language Understanding. Trained on knowledge of AML. | In Progress | 
| [Classifier](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Server "Classifier") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for classifying images using Convolutional Neural Networks. | In Progress |  
| [Security](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Security "Security") | A REST API hosting an endpoint for authentication using Siamese Neural Networks | Complete |  
| [Server](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/tree/master/Server "Server") | A local server hosting a web based UI for managing and classifying data. Uses facial recognition for authentication. | In Progress |

# Contributing
We welcome contributions of the project. Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "CONTRIBUTING.md") for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

# Versioning
We use SemVer for versioning. For the versions available, see [Releases](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/releases "Releases").

# License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/blob/master/LICENSE "LICENSE") file for details.

# Bugs/Issues
We use the [repo issues](https://github.com/AMLResearchProject/AML-Detection-System/issues "repo issues") to track bugs and general requests related to using this project.  

# Repository Manager
Adam is a [BigFinite](https://www.bigfinite.com "BigFinite") IoT Network Engineer, part of the team that works on the core IoT software. In his spare time he is an [Intel Software Innovator](https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-software-innovators/overview "Intel Software Innovator") in the fields of Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Virtual Reality.

[![Adam Milton-Barker: BigFinte IoT Network Engineer & Intel® Software Innovator](Media/Images/Adam-Milton-Barker.jpg)](https://github.com/AdamMiltonBarker)
